UI: Prevent docs page scroll reset on HMR re-render (#35021)
storybookjs/storybook: code/addons/docs/template/stories/docs2/UtfSymbolScroll.mdx

> import { Meta } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
```

<Meta title="UtfSymbolsScroll" />

## Instruction

> Instruction below works only in iframe.html. Unknown code in normal mode (with manager) removes hash from url.

> Click on [link](#anchor-with-utf-symbols-абвг). T hat will jump scroll to anchor after green block below. Then reload page and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on [link](#anchor-with-utf-symbols-абвг). That will jump scroll to anchor after green block below. Then reload page and
```
